Li Jiaren, you still have no face
Oppress the people
Obviously it was your Li family who did it
Why should you put it on our heads?
I said it again.
Since he wants to visit Xinsha Town
as
What we see is what we believe.
You said that yourself.
Qingshan Town must have a lot of evidence of him
We can't miss it
Ben is here to patrol
So seeing is believing.
Mayor Wu
Lead the way
What are you doing? Get out of the way
You live in such a shabby place
It seems that Yada usually bullies you a lot.
Return to Mandarin
If it weren't for Master Wu's stuttering
The little one is starving to death
fart
Are you afraid to tell the truth when you see Wu Tian here?
Ladies and gentlemen
I really didn't lie.
Since you keep saying that Wu Tian will give you food
I'm going to search your rice bowl noodle bowl
Sir, come on
I'm not lying.
You're courting death, don't blame me.
Sir, look
Where did this rice come from?
Oops so much rice
There is famine everywhere
You have money
Sir, this is a small one working for Mayor Wu
What he paid me?
That's pretty good.
I did give it to him, and it doesn't count.
In Qingshan Town
He is the strongest man